[Instrumentation.ServiceFabricRemoting] Add RPC metrics instrumentation (#4163)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.ServiceFabricRemoting/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Added RPC metrics instrumentation. Register via
  `MeterProviderBuilder.AddServiceFabricRemotingInstrumentation()` to emit
  `rpc.server.call.duration` and `rpc.client.call.duration` histograms per the
  OpenTelemetry RPC metrics semantic conventions.
  ([#4163](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/4163))

## 1.15.1-beta.1

Released 2026-Apr-21

* Fixed a bug where `TransportSettings` configured in the service's
  `Config/Settings.xml` were ignored when using
  `TraceContextEnrichedServiceRemotingProviderAttribute`. Both
  `FabricTransportRemotingSettings` (client) and
  `FabricTransportRemotingListenerSettings` (listener) now load from the
  `TransportSettings` config section, with any attribute-level overrides
  (e.g. `MaxMessageSize`, `OperationTimeout`, `KeepAliveTimeout`,

>   `ConnectTimeout`) layered on top of the loaded values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (e.g. `MaxMessageSize`) layered on top of the loaded values.
```

Author: I prefer to keep the multiple examples in this case, as not everyone is familiar with these settings.

Reviewer: I think it's overly verbose - we just need to say that anything that may have been in that file is retained with a single example.
